🎧 Listen to your music with No Ads 🎧

We know very well how important your time is. That is the reason we don't put Ads in our app. Ads are annoying, and people hate ads. Simple as that.

Simple Music Player is focused on one thing, enjoy your music without any distraction. Use our app while you are relaxed at home, working, or maybe while you are driving in your car.

The best part about it is FREE to install.

You can bring your music everywhere: walking on the streets, hiking on the mountain, even to the moon. This MP3 Player is offline, which means you don't need the internet to use it.

Moreover, Simple Music Player has a unique battery-saving feature. Due to our new technology, you will not have to worry anymore about running out of battery during the day. Play your music without a hitch with this smart music player. 

👉  What are you waiting for to download it and enjoy your music without Ads? 

Control your music from the status bar, widget, or hardware buttons on your headphones. It has never been so easy to handle. 

In addition, you can customize the widget. Change the text and background colors for easy access and control.

Listen to your favorite mp3, other audio songs, or podcasts with this free beautiful music player. Put your style on the app customizing the interface colors. 

You can program which track/music you want to fall asleep with through the sleep timer feature. Maybe jazz, chill, zen, even nature sounds, select which one suits you the best from your music. And, enjoy your dreams!

Raise the level of quality of sound with our equalizer. This audio player gives you the chance to change the music effects according to the type of music you listen to (Classic, Pop, Rock, Dance, Techno, Latino, Flat, etc.). Even according to the speakers you have (Headphone, Stereo, Surround and many more). Now, you will have the power of the sounds in your ears. 

Simple Music Player gives you also the chance to make your music list inside the app. Create and manage your playlist as you desire. You can take your songs from your phone and SD card. Furthermore, you can add folders easily. 

This player supports the shuffle, repeating a particular song, skipping, and forwarding. Mix the music like a professional DJ.

Don't you like how the song is labeled? Edit it as you prefer, modify the name of the songs, artists, groups, etc.

Features
⭐️ Nice and beautiful interface
⭐️ Color customization
⭐️ Battery Saver
⭐️ Sleep timer
⭐️ Powerful Equalizer with a handful of presets
⭐️ Playback widget
⭐️ Playlist management
⭐️ Multi-language
⭐️ File properties management
⭐️ Songs label management
⭐️ Privacy
⭐️ Sharing music 

👉 We take the privacy of our users very seriously. We don't share any information with others.

🎧 Enjoy the music with no Ads 🎧

It comes with material design and dark theme by default, provides great user experience for easy usage. The lack of internet access gives you more privacy, security and stability than other apps.

Contains no ads or unnecessary permissions. It is fully opensource, provides customizable colors.

Check out the full suite of Simple Tools here:
https://www.simplemobiletools.com

Facebook:
https://www.facebook.com/simplemobiletools

Reddit:
https://www.reddit.com/r/SimpleMobileTools

Telegram:
https://t.me/SimpleMobileTools